window, worry about retirement or at least start thinking about it ought
to be some way. Or, you know, in your career could be early on. It
really just depends on what your overall goal is. If you know that
you want to make a career of the Navy and you tend on doing a full
20 years, then you've already started thinking about that early and
you're working towards those steps. Um, if you're if you're at that
middle point, usually you're you've done 10 years in, and now you're
trying to decide. Do I do another 10 to make a career and retired?
Should I get out now? Well, then you want have been thinking about that
prior to hitting that 10 year mark. But if you've made it past that,
then as you're getting kind of closer to those retirement time
frames, that's when you really need to start thinking about it and preparing.
There's different resource is out there and training and schools
that the Navy offers to get you ready for retirement, that you'll
go to our do online. So it really just depends on where you're
adding your stage of your career and, um, when you need to really start
thinking about those things